GH-43380: [Java] Add support for cross jdk version testing (#43381)
apache/arrow: docs/source/developers/java/building.rst

          -Darrow.c.jni.dist.dir=<absolute path to your arrow folder>/java-dist/lib/ \
          -Parrow-jni clean install

Testing
=======

By default, Maven uses the same Java version to both build the code and run the tests.

It is also possible to use a different JDK version for the tests. This requires Maven
toolchains to be configured beforehand, and then a specific test property needs to be set.

Configuring Maven toolchains
----------------------------

> To be able to use a JDK versionfor testing, it needs to be registered first in Maven ``toolchains.xml``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to use a JDK version for testing, it needs to be registered first in Maven ``toolchains.xml``
```
